update readme commands (#818)
preactjs/preact-cli: README.md

Create a production build

> For the boolean fields you can pass --<option> to set to true or --no-<option> to set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable `default: true` flags by prefixing them with `--no-<option>` – for example. `--no-sw`
```
